Basic Info
Hitting f4 on your keyboard shows you the supply mapmode. Here, you will see everything you need about supply.
Each province would have a certain colour, which corresponds with the amount of supply there. As a general rule, the darker the colour, like purple or dark blue, the less supply there is. The lighter the colour, like light blue, the more supply there is.
At the top of your screen, next to the oil bar, is the supply bar. Anything less than 100% means that you don’t have enough equipment to supply your divisions. To supply your divisions, you need trucks, trains, and convoys.
Supply hubs are the things that distribute supply, so the closer they are to your front, the more supply can get there.
Every supply hub has to be connected to your supply capital via rail, meaning if you lose the railroad, the supply hub stops working.
Supply Hubs
As said before, supply hubs are the things that distribute supplies to your divisions. The issue is, they take a long time to build, meaning that you’re better off not building any more.If you do, you must make sure it is connected to your supply capital via rail, and that you have enough equipment.
The trains take the supplies to the supply hubs, but trucks actually take the supplies to your units.
When you hover over a supply hub, it will show you your railroads either highlighted in orange, red or normally. The colours indicate where a bottleneck is in the rail network.
If you click on a supply hub, three buttons pop up above it.
The first one simply asks you if you want to let your allies use your supply.
The second one, is a way for you to upgrade all the railways that cause a bottleneck on the supply network. When clicking it, it will upgrade the railroads that were highlighted when hovering over the supply hub.
The last button is the most important button.The last button is your level of motorization, which is the fastest way to improve supply. You have three levels, the first one, with a horse, the second one with one truck, and the third one, with two trucks. To change your level, click on the third button.
The first level of supply is the most inefficient way of transporting supplies, however they don’t use trucks. If you don’t have the industry to produce trucks, the first level is the way to go.
However, if you have trucks, the third way is the best one for you. It increases the range of all supply hubs, whilst using fifty trucks per supply hub.
Railroads
In terms of railroads by themselves, they don’t do much to help you with supply. When paired with supply hubs, they do a whole lot.
The only way for a supply hub to work is for it to be connected via rail to your supply capital, which most of the time is your capital.
Railroads have five levels in the game, with each level increasing the amount of supplies that are able to be delivered.
As said before, when clicking on a supply hub, the second button that pops up highlights some railroads. Said railroads are where the bottleneck for supply is, and clicking it upgrades the railroads that were highlighted.
